
zsh antigen-git vundle-git feh xcompmgr tmux firefox vundle-git acpi 

adobe-source-code-pro-fonts adobe-source-sans-pro-fonts artwiz-fonts
bdf-unifont cantarell-fonts fluidsynth font-bh-ttf font-bitstream-speedo
font-misc-ethiopic font-misc-meltho fontconfig fontforge fontsproto freetype2
ftgl gnome-font-viewer gsfonts kdeplasma-addons-applets-charselect libfontenc
libfs libotf libxfont libxft pangox-compat sdl2_ttf sdl_ttf t1lib
tex-gyre-fonts texlive-fontsextra texlive-genericextra texlive-langcjk
texlive-langcyrillic texlive-langgreek texmacs ttf-arphic-ukai
ttf-arphic-uming ttf-baekmuk ttf-bitstream-vera ttf-cheapskate ttf-dejavu
ttf-freebanglafont ttf-freefont ttf-hannom ttf-indic-otf ttf-junicode
ttf-khmer ttf-linux-libertine ttf-mph-2b-damase ttf-sazanami
ttf-tibetan-machine ttf-tlwg ttf-ubraille xorg-bdftopcf xorg-font-util
xorg-font-utils xorg-fonts-100dpi xorg-fonts-75dpi xorg-fonts-alias
xorg-fonts-cyrillic xorg-fonts-encodings xorg-fonts-misc xorg-fonts-type1
xorg-mkfontdir xorg-mkfontscale xorg-xfd xorg-xfontsel xorg-xlsfonts dina-font
font-mathematica fonteditfs gtk2_prefs gtk2fontsel mate-utils mftrace
opendesktop-fonts otf-ipafont perl-font-afm profont python2-fonttools t1utils
tamsyn-font terminus-font ttf-droid ttf-hanazono ttf-inconsolata
ttf-liberation ttf-linux-libertine-g ttf-symbola ttf-ubuntu-font-family
wqy-bitmapfont wqy-microhei wqy-microhei-lite wqy-zenhei lib32-fontconfig
lib32-freetype2 lib32-libxft lib32-sdl_ttf

font-bh-ttf sdl2_ttf sdl_ttf ttf-arphic-ukai ttf-arphic-uming ttf-baekmuk
ttf-bitstream-vera ttf-cheapskate ttf-dejavu ttf-freebanglafont ttf-freefont
ttf-hannom ttf-indic-otf ttf-junicode ttf-khmer ttf-linux-libertine
ttf-mph-2b-damase ttf-sazanami ttf-tibetan-machine ttf-tlwg ttf-ubraille
mftrace opendesktop-fonts ttf-droid ttf-gentium ttf-hanazono ttf-inconsolata
ttf-liberation ttf-linux-libertine-g ttf-symbola ttf-ubuntu-font-family
lib32-sdl_ttf

oxygen-gtk2 oxygen-gtk3
